# Initial meeting

## Date and location
- Friday, November 22, 2019 @ 10:00
- A2527 @ Luleå University of Technology

## Purpose
- Initial meeting.
- Understanding the problem and the expectations.
- Introduction of the participants.

## Participants
- [Khalid Atta](https://www.ltu.se/staff/k/khaatt-1.64527?l=en)
- John Doe (note taker)
- Joe Smith (absent)

- Jesper Nilsson
- Robin Danielsson 
- Tommy Andersson
- Wilma Krutrök
- Johan Rodahl Holmgren
- Markus Eriksson(absent)

## Meeting notes
 Summary from meeting 22/11 -19
 
The goal with the project is to implement a way to be able to see what the prerequisites for a course is together with what knowledge the course offers. This would benefit students, teachers, student counsellor ​and the people working with admission. The students would be able to see when the knowledge they learn in a course will be used again to motivate them. They can also see what the prerequisites are for a course, that would be helpful for the student counsellor too.

The teachers would benefit from this by being able to see what students have learned in previous courses and to see that their course is placed right. They could easily see if there are some missing links. The admission needs to know what the course require to be able to see if a student can apply for it.

To make this program fair it is needed to look at taxonomy and to see the different stages in learning. A grading scale over how deep the knowledge needed and given could make this better. This because it is a difference between knowing about something and master it so this is needed to make it clear for the other courses how much the students know. The knowledge learned in one course will also drop exponentially so this should also be considered.

One idea is to have excel sheets that teachers from each program fill in for each course. In the sheet all knowledge components (KC) will be listed together with what level of knowledge they require and what level of knowledge they offer. It should also be possible to link back to the course if a deeper knowledge is needed later in it. The bad side with this is that there is no check that the same KC is used with a different name, this would result in missing links. It is also time consuming. Therefore it could be better to use a database/files/XML.

The KC should include name, topic, taxonomy and methods while Course should include name, topic, course code and the KC needed and produced. The program should make a graphical interface and be over the internet.

Until next time eight people from the different users should be interviewed about the program and how the courses is stored at ltu.se.

## Action points
- Initiate a GItHub repository
- Describe the Git Workflow
- Interview 2 persons in 5 stakeholders group (understand how the end users would interact with the tool)
- Understand the Solo and CDIO taxonomies
- Second attempt to model using UML the classes and interfaces of system parts
- 
